README.md, before:

## DRP

Django + Redis + Postgres

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/template/AcACbH?referralCode=NC4Tt6)

### Tailwindcss

- The `jstoolchain` folder includes a tailwindcss setup
- You should run `npm i` to install the dependencies
- There is also a `.xml` file for PyCharm users to make it a `File Watcher`
- The `tailwind.config.js` file is configured to search for `html` and `py` files
- `.py` files because forms.py could have tailwindcss classes due to the user of `crispy-forms` with `crispy-tailwind`

### Icon Library

- The project template directory includes a folder called `icons` which contains lucide icons ()
- The idea is to use django template tag of include and add the icons to the templates

### Role of Redis

- Redis is used as a cache firstly
- Secondly, it is used to run huey tasks
- Thirdly, it is used as a session store

### Huey

- Huey is used as a task queue (same as celery, but more lightweight)
- It is configured to use Redis as a broker and a result store
- The Huey settings are on the production settings file
- The `tasks.py` file is used to define tasks (similar to celery's tasks.py file)
- The decorator `@huey.task` and `@huey.periodic_task` are used to define tasks

### Static and Media Files

- We use whitenoise to serve static files
- There is no setting for media files, but cloudinary settings are present as comments in the production settings file

### Important Notes

- There is no need for a `.env` file to be committed to the repo as the `settings.py` file is configured to read from
  the variables defined in railway
- To create a superuser install railway cli and run `railway run python manage.py createsuperuser`
- Split into apps as much as possible (does not make sense early on but will later on)
- templates and static folders outside are for global templates and static files (use the conventional django way for
  app
  specific templates and static files)

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/template/AcACbH?referralCode=NC4Tt6)

Commit message:

toasts added, caching based on site versions

README.md, after:

## DRP

Django + Redis + Postgres

A very vanilla way to build with django, using django and django templates as much as possible.

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/template/AcACbH?referralCode=NC4Tt6)

### Tailwindcss

- The `jstoolchain` folder includes a tailwindcss setup
- You should run `npm i` to install the dependencies
- There is also a `.xml` file for PyCharm users to make it a `File Watcher`
- The `tailwind.config.js` file is configured to search for `html` and `py` files
- `.py` files because forms.py could have tailwindcss classes due to the user of `crispy-forms` with `crispy-tailwind`

### Icon Library

- The project template directory includes a folder called `icons` which contains lucide icons ()
- The idea is to use django template tag of include and add the icons to the templates

### Toasts

- Toasts from https://github.com/talsu/vanilla-toast are included by default
- any view that sends a context with the keys present on `mysite/templates/toast/toast_body.html` will display a toast
- Eg: toast_message, toast_error, toast_success
- For example: After some action is complete a session variable can be set and the view can be redirected to the main page that would display the toast. This page should also delete the session variable so that it can never repeat.

### Role of Redis

- Redis is used as a cache firstly
- Secondly, it is used to run huey tasks
- Thirdly, it is used as a session store

### Huey

- Huey is used as a task queue (same as celery, but more lightweight)
- It is configured to use Redis as a broker and a result store
- The Huey settings are on the production settings file
- The `tasks.py` file is used to define tasks (similar to celery's tasks.py file)
- The decorator `@huey.task` and `@huey.periodic_task` are used to define tasks

### Static and Media Files

- We use whitenoise to serve static files
- There is no setting for media files, but cloudinary settings are present as comments in the production settings file

### Important Notes

- There is no need for a `.env` file to be committed to the repo as the `settings.py` file is configured to read from
  the variables defined in railway
- To create a superuser install railway cli and run `railway run python manage.py createsuperuser`
- Split into apps as much as possible (does not make sense early on but will later on)
- templates and static folders outside are for global templates and static files (use the conventional django way for
  app
  specific templates and static files)

[![Deploy on Railway](https://railway.app/button.svg)](https://railway.app/template/AcACbH?referralCode=NC4Tt6)
